Mission Statement and Terms:

The purpose of this mission statement is to outline a set of common goals that represents what the AGCEEP in general wishes to achieve, so that those who come here will know what to look for and what to expect; gameplay that is historically accurate while supporting historically plausible alternatives, throughout the 1419-1820 timeframe.

1. The AGCEEP recognizes historical accuracy to be any and all issues of historical circumstance, realism or dynamics that maintain or facilitate historical outcome.

2. The AGCEEP strives to produce historical accuracy for all AGCEEP states with a demonstrably high probability, the value of which to be determined in the appropriate regional thread, or the HC if requested. A proposed addition that advances its own regional issue to the recognizable detriment of another regional issue will not be implemented.

3. The AGCEEP produces historical accuracy through the implementatation of realistic initial conditions, and event paths that represent realistic choices that facilitate historical outcomes. Highly deterministic implementations are used provided strong historical justification exists, or less deterministic correlates have failed to produce historical accuracy with high probabiblity. The value of which to be determined by the regional threads, or HC if requested.

4. The AGCEEP concentrates on intense historical and game-play analyses to develoup any and all additions and modifications, and is not intended to be the most challenging mod possible. While we strive to make gameplay challenging, historical considerations take precedenc

5. The AGCEEP implements a plausible alternative historical addition provided the magnitude or duration of reduction to historical accuracy is demonstrably low. The value of which to be determined in the appropriate regional thread, or the HC if requested.

6. The AGCEEP improves AI performance by customizing AI and swapping customized AI files in-game to maintain or improve historical accuracy. Provided such measures fail, AI-only counterpart events may be employed to address a consistent AI shortcoming. AI-only help events that lack historical justification, or produce distinct event paths, are strongly disfavoured.

7. The AGCEEP strives for consistency and maintenance of standards across regions, provided such consistency does not interfere with historical accuracy.

8. The AGCEEP is consensus driven. The purpose of the discussion threads is to establish a consensus about changes under consideration. Issues should not be brought to the HC until it is clear that a consensus cannot be reached.

I hereby agree not to use the contents of this file to cause harm either physically or financially.. however you'd manage to do that is your business.